Add cloud shell validation (#37278)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/identity/azure-identity/CHANGELOG.md

### Other Changes

- Added identity config validation to `ManagedIdentityCredential` to avoid non-deterministic states (e.g. both `resource_id` and `object_id` are specified). ([#36950](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/36950))

> - Added validation to `CloudShellCredential`. ([#36438](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/issues/36438))

Reviewer: Since, `CloudShellCredential` isn't a public API, we should refer to `ManagedIdentityCredential`.
```suggestion
- Additional validation was added for `ManagedIdentityCredential` in Azure Cloud Shell environments. ([#36438](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/issues/36438))
```
